Name=GETitOUT
Category=['Marketing']
URL=https://getitout.io/
Description=GETitOUT is the perfect way to manage different products and develop their marketing message and branding a centralized place for our entire team. Its a great platform for managing clients and developing marketing materials. GETitOUT is the perfect way to manage different products and develop their marketing message and branding a centralized place for our entire team. Its a great platform for managing clients and developing marketing materials. Marketing works better with personas. But creating them for every project and client? Not fun at least until now. Meet GETitOUTs Persona Generator Extract personas from competitors. Generate professional texts. Then paste them into all your websites emails and marketing tools. Doing Marketing for Your Clients or In-House? Then GETitOUT is for You. GETitOUTs ability to create buyer personas and from those personas to generate landing pages and other marketing assets is highly promising. GETitOUT enables you to be 5 times faster. It helps you create a consistent and professional marketing system that attracts and converts your clients. GETitOUTs browser extension empowers your team to be 5x more efficient by automatically adding marketing texts images and data on any website.
Pros=Quick and easy access to brand and features helps create buyer personas and turn features into irresistible benefits generate landing pages emails and more with professional texts in your design ability to create buyer personas and from those personas to generate landing pages ability to be 5 times faster helps create consistent and professional marketing system that attracts and converts clients browser extension empowers team to be 5x more efficient by automatically adding marketing texts images and data on any website.
Cons=nan
Pricing=Start Your Free Trial
Company Address=nan
