Name=LightPDF
Category=['Productivity']
URL=https://lightpdf.com/chatdoc
Description=This intelligent program can save you time reading entire text and sorting out the main points of the documents. LightPDF AI chatdocs tool can help you quickly understand the file content by talking to the docs. This AI-powered chat for docs application supports data extraction document insights and more. You can upload PDF Word Excel and PPT documents to analyze. The files will be deleted after processing. Equipped with AI this online tool has strong text comprehension and summarization capabilities. It is compatible with any device and has no limitations to the file size upload times or question sessions. Best AI-powered Document Chatbot Level up your workflow by engaging with your documents and extracting valuable insights instantly. Supports Many File Types You can upload searchable as well as scanned PDFs Word Excel PPT and ePub files to get instant and brief summarization and analysis Clear & Concise Outputs With specific prompts it can provide answers in paragraphs lists and text only tables and it will show references and navigations for each answer Multi-platform & Multi-language This AI document chatbot can work perfectly on Windows Mac Android and iOS devices. And you can communicate with it in 100+ languages. Intelligent AI Docs Chat for All Needs Business Analysis Assisting in Learning Ideas Exploring.
Pros=AI-powered Document Chatbot Supports Many File Types Clear & Concise Outputs Multi-Platform & Multi-Language Intelligent AI Docs Chat for All Needs
Cons=Non-VIP users can only process the first 200 pages upgrade to VIP.
Pricing=Free for non-VIP users to upload files within 200 pages 100 pages are offered for VIP users every day.
Company Address=nan
