Name=Seventh Sense
Category=['Marketing', 'eCommerce']
URL=https://www.theseventhsense.com/
Description=This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use see our Privacy Policy. If you decline your information wont be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked. Seventh Senses Email Delivery Optimization System is the only email delivery optimization system designed specifically for HubSpot and Marketo. Artificial Intelligence is used to break through the clutter and leverage HubSpot and Marketo to deliver emails and provide needed reporting capabilities. Email inboxes are noisy attention spans are at an all-time low and getting emails to land in the inbox is harder than ever. Seventh Sense drives maximum performance and engagement with existing email marketing program while relying on HubSpot and Marketo to provide reporting. Seventh Sense helps optimize frequency and personalize email delivery times for each individual in the database to increase deliverability engagement and conversions.
Pros=Optimizes Fequency and Personalizes Email Delivery Times for each Individual Increases Deliverability Engagement & Conversions
Cons=None
Pricing=For HubSpot For Marketo
Company Address=None
