Name=Zendesk Answer Bot
Category=['Customer Support']
URL=https://www.zendesk.com/in/service/answer-bot/
Description=Zendesk Relate This event may contain secrets about intelligent CXRegister nowSign inProduct supportCompanyContact usAbout usPressInvestorsEventsCareersDiversity & InclusionSustainabilityLegalContact usEnglish (India)English (US)English (UK)EspaolEspaol (LATAM)PortugusFranaisDeutschItalianoNederlandsDanskSvenskaEnglish (Australia)English (India)English (Singapore). With Zendesk anyone can use AI to scale service and simplify support. Answer Bot is here to help customers get instant answers to support queries lower wait times and also help agents by providing them with relevant information to solve customer queries quickly. Answer Bot is present in multiple support channels like chat messaging email Slack and more. With AI tools Answer Bot can guide customers and agents to the best solution. Answer Bot helps agents provide customers with personalized article recommendations. It can even collect customer information like name email issue type and map them into ticket fields. Flow Builder gives you the freedom to orchestrate the conversation between a bot and your customers. AI capabilities of Answer Bot help to reduce manual sorting and prioritisation thereby deliver a customer-first experience.
Pros=Reduces friction customer-first experience relevant information to customer queries reduces wait times no complicated setup instant answers on multiple channels AI capabilities for faster resolution
Cons=None
Pricing=Start free trial
Company Address=Zendesk 1019 Market St San Francisco CA 94103 USA
